mr. taken on solo so I'm gonna grew up
dreaming of one day getting to be part
of this outlaw world heard about a job
big shot gangster
putting together crew you win that's yes
this story is really about Hans getting
to see whether he can make it or not
Chewie and Mons relationship is almost
like watching an old married couple just
friends all right
you're touching Kyra is this incredibly
whip-smart strong badass kind of go did
you ever get that ship we were going to
fly away on
I wanna a lot baby
Lando Jesus coal is a very smallest
person
you've heard about me it's true thanks
love
Lando Han don't trust each other I'm
gonna need to have to take ridiculous
grown-ups are talking
but they have a common goal this is a
precision job everybody plays their part
my character does teach on a thing or
two these people are not your friends up
she was off out of my beat
if you're gonna be a criminal
starting the clock 9.62 the bridge I'm a
good example of the codes you gotta live
by some of those drove off on high and
keep some good advice
trust no one
you'll never be disappointed
[Music]